I was half the audience's raise many audience will come.
I don't know whether we have a radio audience or not,
but I was disturbed by someone's back of a room.
And what the hell could do the things people could allow me
to talk to them about this?
Right.
Now?
Okay.
But you have a repeat request for that.
Would you, Mr. Welke, have the request go out and record it?
What does the court and the recorder would you eat at this side, sir?
I've got it.
Yes, sir.
And now, if you get it, it's ruined.
You're unable to tell us all of the information you have been able to make last night.
Whether or not this letter is a carbon copy of any letter actually in existence.
I am unable to make that statement because my examination last night was directed at one purpose and one purpose only.
And that was to determine the authenticity of this particular document with documents in the bureau file.
All right.
Now I want to file some more simple language with on you, sir.
You know what we have here for parts to be a carbon copy of a real letter, don't you?
It is a carbon copy of a letter.
Now, if I were to use the simple work which I think you would understand and say to you,
is this document the real recording or a pony?
Which of those two words would you use?
I would put a pick, neither, Mr. Welke, I say to you, then, sir.
But, suppose I ask you to choose between her two words.
Which would come more nearly to the point?
What is the definition of this in your chair until it comes?
I need to recognize that.
Mr. Welke, I must say that Mr. Collier has answered that question that you have just asked him.
And I do not think your last question is a proper question because it has getable benign, sir.
I'm a scholar.
I do.
Mr. Brown, I think I can play a way.
Yes, Mr. Brown.
I think the service that is just upon certain rules of honestly on the part of Council for which it is not a problem.
If you would like Brown to document that you consider yourself occupant of that,
please, questions of the young man, because he would say it on the second page,
it very clearly indicates that there is a limit of security and information.
You know that I should not, and as I say, there should be certain rules, even on your part of the wealth.
Certain rules of honestly in public knowledge.
Mr. Chairman, I am not sure if you're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure if you're welcome.
I suppose you may go under some distance.
We do.
I have a minor standard to my own conduct in respect to these documents,
so the cemetery is fat-hav.
I do not think it is proper for Mr. Collier to read it, and he is declined to read it.
I do not think it would be proper for wealth to read it, and he is declined to read it.
And I await with much interest the cemetery's explanation of how it would be to stand and when he will.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Collier, please welcome Mr. Wells.
I have.
Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, can I have a negative idea?
May I make a very clear at the beginning of the first time concerned with a Truman directive.
No directive will preclude me from examining material bearing among the security of this nation.
I am very surprised that I'm Mr. Wells here worried about disclosing information on communists.
Sitting back and slightly approving the violation of the law in so far as easy to drop things as concerned and monitoring.
So there is no question about Mr. Collier.
Mr. Chairman.
There will be no personal and confidential material for a show that someone is covering up and hiding coming.
Mr. Collier, I'm going to ask you, Mr. Wells' buttons, to examine the second page of this letter to top of it.
I'm not going to ask you to read what you find there, but ask you whether that does not indicate that there has been a method of background security information on employee.
The frowns had a good question.
I'm only a fan able to say whether anything's been omitted because I have not examined the original document.
I will ask you to examine the copy that you have.
Look at the top of the page and see if you do not find in parentheses.
The explanation for that security information on a certain employee has been omitted from this letter.
Mr. Chairman, I think the apology of Mr. Wells?
Yes, Council to rule that whether or not this witness may properly examine this document, it's not in my province to rule.
Mr. Chairman.
I may the chair suggest to send him the copy that if we succeed as we hope we will in getting from the Attorney General.
The material which is very question.
We will then all have before it the documents and we can make a comparison.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chair, Mr. Wells, you are very prepared of it.
I am asking a simple question of whether or not the documents on its page doesn't show that security information was omitted.
It does not show that this never could deceive anyone to indicate that all the FBI security information was included.
Mr. Chairman, I ask this question of the witness.
I will insist that Mr. Chairman let the answer, unless the committee votes me down a month.
There is no reason why anyone should be afraid of the truth insofar as a document of concern.
Mr. Chairman, I say that I as a system of counsel Mr. Jenkins on here to get the facts.
I don't think it is our purpose or our right to draw conclusions in any form.
I have examined this document as I have so testified at the beginning and at the end in order to establish what kind of evidence is that I am committed to.
What kind of document it is in order to identify.
I have not read the contents.
The part you speak of is on page two.
I feel that in view of the security requirements I should not read that second page.
I am asking you to look at the top of page two which contains nothing in regards to security, but shows that the security information was omitted.
I ask you to look at that parenthesis on a good question.
It is very important to establish that fact now.
And to use the repeated statements, Mr. Wells, that this was a phony.
Has anyone had a right to believe that all of the security information was in it?
Mr. Chairman, it is important to get the proofs this right now.
I am going to come across the I. Feel that I must respectfully decline to read it and determine those facts.
I am going to ask the Chair to explain the confidential information that is in the present.
I am very happy for the already indicated.
If you need no divine.
Mr. Chairman, there is nothing for a higher standard.
You can't get no cover. We might say the point is that the Secretary is not a good one.
Mr. Collier, let me ask you this question.
Dropping down page two to the end of paragraph two, so you find the statement that the...
...in effect that the information concerning the individual's list has been omitted.
No, sir. I have not made that observation.
I have looked at page two. I find that on page two there are a list of names.
If you look at page two before you have something refused, look at it right now.
I only looked at it to determine what it looks like.
I can identify page two by the list of names on it and nothing more.
And I don't know the names. I merely know that there are a series of names on the page.
Mr. Chairman.
You were appointed by Mr. Jenkins to find out whether or not.
This is a duplicate of information, or summary of information.
Your guide to the Communist of Fort Monmouth, and the military.
I now ask you to look at page two. You'll find a list of names.
I'm not asking you to read those names off.
I'm asking you to tell our further note. This copy does not show clearly.
Fairly show that there was a minute from page two.
All of the FBI reports on these individuals that their names were merely listed.
And the notation after it as to what was shown.
Drogatory or not the racket.
Senator McCarthy. Or as I'm concerned personally.
Now that goes to the substance of the memorandum itself.
And without a ruling by the Attorney General,
Mr. Hoover has suggested that the committee secure.
I do not feel entitled to read the document for the purpose of asking the fact you could get.
Mr. Collier, you mean to tell us you did not read the document?
I purposely avoided reading this document and it's in par.
And I have so much to say.
Mr. Chairman, I wonder how ridiculous we can get here.
I am trying to have this young man just look at the letter.
He's trying to know he's caught it all night.
And tell us whether or not on page two.
It hasn't made very clear that there has been a medicine from this document.
The FBI Security Information.
And if there is no security information in this document.
It's very simple. We're supposed to make Mr. Chairman.
How's the government quite able to get around?
What is that stated?
And the timing has been quite a while.
I bow to Chair.
The witness has stated that he's defined it to read the letter
and that he has been accepted by the...
Hoover's has contained information, which is identical to the information which he felt the Attorney General should rule upon.
And the Chair is not going to order the witness to do something that he thinks he did not do.
Mr. Collier, you say that the director told you that the language was identical in some respects.
That's right. That is correct.
In some respects.
Did he tell you that the language was identical in practically all other respects.
All respects.
They all accept the commit.
Except that the three-page document on the metastas.
The Security Report, fronted by the FBI.
The other than that, the document is complete.
No, sir. He did not... he did not say the math way.
Well, what did he tell you?
He told me that the language is identical in some respects.
And that it relates to the same subject matter.
Both documents relate to the same subject matter.
And that is as far as he felt, and he would have been vital to go.
Did he tell you that there any...
There's any twisting, any distorting, any violation of the language used in the report he sent over except to...
The elimination of the security regulations?
Absolutely. No comment concerning this language. He did not characterize it at any matter.
Mr. Collier, weren't you interested with you when you went over there and planning out,
whether or not this did in any way twist or distort or violate any of the original language?
Yes, I was originally, but when I determined that the director felt that the documents was of a security classification,
and if he deferred the judgment of the Attorney General as to whether or not that should be read by anyone including myself,
I did not pursue that line of inquiry.
May I ask counsel for the Army that the Attorney General will know the attitude of the parties that it's a few,
but the counsel for the Army will consent to having the 15-page documents with the security information related,
and this document made public so that the press on the public can compare the two documents.
Thank you, Senator, for finally referring to me as counsel for the Army.
I don't know if that was the mistake.
I think he'll live in a family.
Mr. Wilkins, before it is not in my jurisdiction, sir, to pass on the security matter.
I know that our general will have to do that.
I don't think it's further not. We can transmit to the Attorney General the information.
That both counsels Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams, as well as Senator McCarthy, request.
Lastly, make the 15-page documents public actually have deleted any security information,
and that we also make public the documents which I have submitted after deleting the name on page two.
I have not read the documents that is referred to. It has been possible for me to form any judgment of that sort.
If it's a matter of life, we have to be left to the Attorney General.
I think I get your answers very clearly.
Mr. Caliore, I assume that you are unable to contact General Bowling to see whether or not someone in his office had ever made a summary of the 15-page report.
That is correct. I did not make that plan very easy.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to ask Mr. Caliore to be designated to contact General Bowling's office to find out whether or not they made a summary.
It's the distribution of that summary.
Another and this is an accurate summary made by Bowling's office.
The chair will take that suggestion along with the one earlier made by 100 Jackson and bring them before the security meeting,
and I will take that suggestion along with the one earlier made by 100 Jackson and bring them before the security meeting.
In any event, Mr. Caliore, is it your testimony that you are the impression and you are not accompanying Mr. Groover but your own personal impression?
After talking to Mr. Groover, this is a summary of the 15-page document.
Again, may I say that Mr. Groover did not go characterized if he did not make any comment upon it?
I was asked for my personal opinion and I give a hand.
And my personal opinion is that this document is probably copied in the nature of a summary of the 15-page document.
Mr. Caliore, may I make it very clear that in my bigger explanation of you, I do not want that to be considered by anyone who,
I mean, they do not have confidence in your ability. I am fully aware of your background.
I think that you would make an excellent addition to any fan.
Thank you.
Mr. Colin, I'm from France.
I use any of these things. I have two questions.
Mr. Caliore, is this much very clear from what you are able to tell us at this time that on the day Senate and Macaw
he mentioned yesterday, January 26, 1951, there was transmitted under the name of John Edgar Hoover,
so Army Intelligence, a document.
I will repeat it as shown.
On January, under date of January 26, 1951, a 15-page FBI memorandum was prepared.
The original of that memorandum was transmitted in general bowling office, the Eiffelayson, on January 27th,
and the Carbentopy to General Caliore's office, the Eiffelayson, on the 29th.
Sir, did this memorandum go to the Army under the name of John Edgar Hoover?
Yes, sir. Only memorandum form there are the printed words to date two from in subtle.
And if I had the word two, was the identification major general, A.R. bowling assistant chief of staff,
he had to do the part of the Army, the Pentagon, walking in the easy, and beside the word from,
John Edgar Hoover director, Federal Bureau of Investigation.
You say, sir, is what they not type written?
They were type, type written words.
John Edgar Hoover director, Federal Bureau of Investigation, that is correct.
And sir, is it a fact on the basis of what you can tell us now, the subject matter of the 15-page memorandum from Mr. Hoover to the Army on that day,
was Aaron Coleman, then at 400, that S.B. and I.
I'll say this, that after the word from, and the designation, John Edgar Hoover director, Federal Bureau of Investigation,
there follows the word subject.
And pipe there on, was Aaron, Simon Coleman, S.B. and I.R.
And for your information, they are for us.
They are for us.
They're going to the time, as it's fire.
Is the council any further questions?
No further questions.
Chair, I am Senator McClellan.
No questions.
Any questions?
No.
Yes, just one question.
The type written document that we have had in the courtroom this morning does not purport to be a summary of anything, does it?
Well, I think the document speaks for itself.
I heard it.
It doesn't purport.
It doesn't say at the top of it.
It doesn't.
No, sorry, does not.
It just looks like a letter beginning with a salutation, is that right?
A salutation, sir.
And ending with the one clearly yours.
Is there a letter?
Right.
Mr. Cohn, or it doesn't look right.
Mr. McClellan, the council member of the council member of the council, is very excited to help.
We continue to discuss this before the lunch hour.
Mr. McClellan, this is not a pair to be a summary.
Again, I ask and I assume that Mr. Cahair would receive.
The view of Mr. McClellan's question is whether this is not a pair to be a summary.
I ask you to look on page two and tell us whether or not it does not clearly appear to be a summary that you have in front of these, the definite information,
that there have been relations with some of this document of security information.
And view of the fact, you, as soon as you can answer that, Mr. Cahair, I will say to the record that that is the case.
And I hope all the centers are like that.
Just one other question. I ask you the chair.
And it's the chairman of your, Mr. Welch's statement that this was a pony.
I ask that the chair write a letter to the director of the FBI, Judge Hoover, and ask him whether or not this is not an accurate summary, really having deleted the security information.
Chair, I thought you paid it that he would take up.
Your earlier suggestion, the suggestion of vendor Jackson, and now your presence of the defendant, that the executive meeting we have called for to look on.
I think we left at this point, Mr. Cahair. This memorandum sent under the name of John Edgar Hoover, director of the FBI, to the Army on January, dated January 26th.
I believe you say, delivered on January 27th, that's correct. There's the head of Aaron Coleman, SB and I are.
And you're an Aiman, Aaron Hymans, Coleman, SB and I are. And you now tell us the word are same for a Russian.
Mr. Hoover told me that I could say that the R stands for Russian.
So you can tell us this morning that the 15 page memorandum was a communication from Mr. Hoover through the Army concerning Aaron Coleman and Russians at the United States.
That's a fair statement. That is what the two on the firm read and the subject is Aaron Hymans, Coleman, SB and I take off.
And can you, Mr. Cahair, as having been present in the room and a member of Mr. Jenkins, tell us yesterday, tell us on the testimony yesterday and the public records that on the day this memorandum was sent over by Mr. Hoover, Aaron Hymans, Coleman, while the section had in the secret radar laboratory at Fourth Amendment.
Mr. Cahair, I cannot tell you that of my own personal. I would ask the Senate to take judicial or chairman wise notice of the public records of the hearings of this committee of the Public hearings of this committee of December 8th, 1953, which indicates that I believe I read the job that Mr. Coleman into the records yesterday.
Now, sir, can you tell us whether the number of the stated was complete accuracy yesterday that this 15 page memorandum, that this memorandum by Mr. Hoover was a warning to the Army that at the secret radar laboratory that brought one of the group of the associates of Julius Rosenberg and people with communist records were operating on a secret link and change radar project at that time.
I cannot tell you of my own personal knowledge. I was busy on the mother matter that was in the matter of the room.
Now, Mr. Cahair, I think the record was secret. I think a key question at this point is this. Have you also, as a saying, whether or not the Army has in its file at this time, the originals of this memorandum from Jay Edgar Hoover concerning Russian, S.C. and I and Aaron Coleman of the radar laboratory at Fourth Amendment.
I did not ascertain that Mr. Ceeblings was asked to print that information this morning if I recall his testimony, whether he had not found this document, but he did not say whether it was not his document.
I only know what the record of the FBI revealed. That is the document was delivered on January 27th.
Mr. Cahair, at this time, might we request that an additional theory of documents which we have reasons to believe, with transmittance to the Department of the Army over a period of time from January 3, 1951 up to the present date concerning communist activity of people employed at Fourth Amendment.
The memorandum, such as this, from John Edgar Hoover, director of the FBI to the Army, may we answer those likewise, be produced by Mr. Ceeblings, here that's one of all that's afternoon.
That's there being made upon a record be with health until, thus, time has a request was made of the Attorney General, but that the documents be made available and held in rage so that the public may have the story of the FBI warning to the Army on its side.
Mr. Cahair, if you have a sign of McCarthy, make that request of necessarily a security session. We have already announced that we will subpoena all records, all documents, all individuals connected with this case, provided with questions, no security, regulations of violence.
Mr. Cahair, in the film question, in the film thing is matter with Mr. Hoover, did you get the impression that time they say I have gotten, that the FBI transmitted all of the information which they had in regard to Russian or communist espionage.
To the property park, and any failure to act, any failure to remove, people like Aaron, former, or anyone else, was not the fault of the FBI because they gave all the information to my hand, which did not consider our investigation, but was the fault of the people involved as a superior to the suspected espionage.
Mr. Hoover did not make any such statements to me and did not talk about that to me. I will tell you from my personal experience in the FBI that all information of security nature is promptly forwarded to all interested government agencies, and that it is not evaluated as merely furnished as facts gathered.
The FBI does not make any evaluations if merely furnished is the information as it is contained.
Just to one further question, I ask this because so many people try to blame the FBI when we find communist and various departments. It's true that if not that the FBI has no power to fire a fire anyone, they are only power to send down the report, conduct the investigation, and hope that the security agencies involve the life.
The FBI does not have any power to fire or fire anyone other than its own personnel. If any of this is gathered information, factual form, is forwarded as that information either in reports or memorandum to the interest of government officials and the clerics, is incumbent upon the government to properly evaluate it in line with the desires they have to use in the information.
One other question is, they think that the memorandum had the notation, FBNR Russian, would indicate that it is a report upon Russian FBNR.
Again, may I speak from my personal experience, I am not attributing this in any way in the situation.
I am not attributing this in any way in the situation. On my personal experience in the FBI, since preparing a report and gathering information is not necessary to specify it.
I say we, the girl, arbitrarily, has put up certain classification in terms of security, and then the R, which is a misdemeanor for Russian, identifies the immaculability group.
So, that there to be no doubt any was mine, that this report, from a man who is head of the important section in a way from the secret radar laboratory, was being reported on a 15 page report, and that had to do with Russian FBNR.
Well, I don't want to leave any false information. The FBNR is routine. It is not abnormal in any way to be on a document. That is used under the proper designation and is a routine classification place thereof.
The routine by routine you mean if it deals with Russian FBNR, it would be routine but the R, that's right. If adults with any other types of FBNR, it would not be routine but the R, so all these proper designation would be put up.
So, the new set of the routine when we get this right. We are dealing here now with the secret radar laboratory, dealing with a report on a man who is head of one of the important sections.
Like we know that many of them, they are indicated that the information in the 15 page report, dealt with Russian FBNR and also dealt with their informants.
Well, that's hard to answer because you say a dealt with Russian FBNR, the FBNR is an arbitrary designation that is given to the type of investigation.
Now, it might well be that investigation starts out with the allegations that there was espionage and would turn into some other types.
The espionage R is merely for filing purposes and for the use of the Bureau in determining how to remove the FBNR.
This is not an unusual option. It has been an espionage R.
Mr. Chairman, I know the chair has ruled on this by some extent before. I think this testimony makes a doubly important that we strongly urge the Attorney General to make available for the public.
Those parts of the document would show that this did deal strongly with the communists espionage of the secret radar plan.
No further questions, Mr. Chairman.
No further questions, Mr. Crosby?
Mr. Crosby, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chair, you have an excellent witness. We appreciate you, Mr. Crosby.
Decide to answer as you have made. Thank you, sir.
Mr. Council Member of the Committee, I believe we have a 12-10. We have an executive meeting at 2 o'clock, but we're in place.
Two times this afternoon, the executive meeting may all be to 2.
Thank you.
And so this is the 10th day of the hearings of the Army McCrantees' dispute.
Recess, following an explosive session this morning from 10 years ago.
At 2.30 this afternoon, Eastern daylight time, the FU Montelevision Network resumed the hearings over most of the same stations.